
Timeline 𝜜

0:00: Raccoon Egg left through a tunnel and bumped into a time squirrel and wrestled it for its clock. The time squirrel wrenched it back and went back down the tunnel.

1:00: An Entangle spell hit the bee cavern, immobilizing the rest of the party, except for Whewdo. Blundersdottir stared at a spot with surprise; Makalbly Jane interpreted this as a ghost sighting. Raccoon Egg saw the vines and headed to the other end of the  tunnel, emerging in the silvery glass-leafed oak's cavern. She negotiated a neutral disposition from the three time squirrels there and hugged the tree.

2:00: Whewdo freed Makalbly Jane. They both worked on freeing Raven, who discussed a way to confirm ghost presence. The oak returned Raccoon Egg to human form. She went back toward the bee cavern.

3:00: Whewdo and Makalbly Jane freed Raven. Human Egg returned and dove perfectly through an improbably winding void in the entangling vines to rejoin the party without getting entangled herself.

4:00: Oika and Raven's eyes blanked out for a moment, then they awoke, healed completely – but with no irises. Cozy was nowhere to be seen.

5:00: Raven dismissed the Entangle, though no one saw her cast it. It was not the usual no-fuss Entangle dismissal. There was a bright flash and an acrid scent in the air.

6:00: The party traveled to the oak cavern. There, Cozy stood, wearing a clock. She teleported to Raven, ate a Goodberry out of her bag, then flew away, disappearing.

Timeline δ

0:00: Raccoon Egg left through a tunnel and bumped into a time squirrel and wrestled it for its clock. The time squirrel wrenched it back and went back down the tunnel.

1:00: Raccoon Egg ran to get the party from the Bee Cavern. They returned with her through the tunnel to the silvery glass-leafed oak's cavern.

2:00: The party emerged from the tunnel into the silvery glass-leafed oak's cavern. As a group, they left a poor impression on the three time squirrels that were there, but Whewdo convinced one to take a more neutral stance. Oika attempted something similar using the language of burrowing mammals but failed. Raccoon Egg hugged the tree, and the tree changed her back into human Egg and changed Raven's Goodberries into regularberries. Two of the time squirrels gazed at Oika and Raven, who immediately disappeared.

3:00: Egg continued to hug the tree. The tree turned all of metal equipment (except for her ring and a few other things) into wood. Makalbly Jane struggled to relate pack animal customs and knowledge to time squirrels. A time squirrel gazed at Egg, paralyzing her, and erasing a small part of her brain.

Timeline X

1:00: Incorporeal Raven, Oika, and Cozy appeared in the bee cavern. Most of the party, including their other selves, did not see them. Only Blundersdottir looked at them. Raven casts Entangle on the cavern, immobilzing the party and blocking an exit.

2:00: Incorporeal Raven, Oika, and Cozy explored adjacent caverns. They met some moving shadows that recognized them but were disinterested.

∞:00: Incorporeal Raven, Oika, and Cozy were relocated to a plane that is all void except for a colossal time squirrel, ∞ Squirrel. They made small talk.

∞:01: ∞ Squirrel opened two circles in the plane. One showed the party at β3:00. The other showed time squirrels flowing over a world, sometimes carrying glowing sticks, sometimes carrying bodies, appearing and disappearing.

∞:02: As Raven moved toward the party circle, a sliver knife dropped into her hand, and the circle focused on the back of corporeal Raven's head. She stabbed the party circle. A hole opened in corporeal Raven's head. Raven went in.

∞:03: Oika did the same with the circle and corporeal Oika's head.